Update DynamoDB Documentation (#760)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-dynamodb-connector-studio.adoc

For example, to configure `HTTP Listener`, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP*, and then select *Listener*.
. Drag *Listener* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *Listener* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Path* field.
. Configure a global element that can be used by all instances of `HTTP Listener` in the app.
+
To access the global element configuration fields, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field.
. On the *General* tab, specify connection information.
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify TLS information.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specific server.
. Click *OK*.

== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Amazon DynamoDB Connector, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Amazon DynamoDB* and then select the desired operation.

> . Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

Reviewer: to the right or on the right? I am never sure what the standard should be.

Reviewer 2: I think "to the right" is OK because Kim never marked it.

. Select the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the Connector configuration field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, configure basic or role authentication, as described in the Basic Authentication and <<role-authentication,Role Authentication>> sections.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm hat Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[basic_authentication]]
=== Basic Authentication

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the global element configuration screen to configure basic authentication:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Name |Enter the configuration name.
|Connection | Select `Basic`.
|Session Token | Enter the session token provided by Amazon Security Token Service (STS).
|Access Key | Enter the access key provided by Amazon.
|Secret Key | Enter the secret key provided by Amazon.
|Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain | Set to true to obtain credentials from the AWS environment.
|===

> The following screenshot shows...:

Reviewer: Looks like a placeholder. Don't forget to add the text.  :-)

<screenshot>

For more information about configuring basic authentication, see the xref:amazon/amazon-dynamodb-connector-reference.adoc[Amazon DynamoDB Reference].

[[role-authentication]]
=== Role Authentication

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the global element configuration screen:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Name |Enter the configuration name.
|Connection | Select `Role`.
|Role ARN | Enter the role to assume to gain cross account access.
|Access Key | Enter the access key provided by Amazon.
|Secret Key | Enter the secret key provided by Amazon.
|Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain | Set to true to obtain credentials from the AWS environment.
|Region Endpoint | Select the topic region endpoint.
|===

> The following screenshot shows..

Reviewer: shows..  ?

= Use Studio to Configure Amazon DynamoDB Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

. <<create-mule-project,Create a Mule project>>.
. <<add-connector-to-project,Add the connector to your Mule project>>.
. <<configure-input-source,Configure an input source for the connector's flow>>.
. <<add-connector-operation,Add a connector operation to the flow>>.
. <<configure-global-element,Configure a global element for the connector>>.
. <<conigure-other-fields,Configure the other connector fields>>.

If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see xref:introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see the xref:amazon/amazon-dynamodb-connector-reference.adoc[Amazon DynamoDB Connector Reference].

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector:

> . In Anypoint Studio, from the main menu, select *File > New > Mule Project*.

Reviewer 3: I know I've seen this a million times, but just now I wonder if we need "from the main menu"?

. Enter a name for your Mule project and click *Finish*.

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

> Add Amazon DynamoDB Connector to a Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, as well as to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

Reviewer 3: "a" > "your"?
```suggestion
Add Amazon DynamoDB Connector to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, as well as to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:
```

. Drag *Listener* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *Listener* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Path* field.
. Click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of `HTTP Listener` in the app.
. On the *General* tab, specify connection information.
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify TLS information.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specific server.
. Click *OK*.

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Amazon DynamoDB Connector, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Amazon DynamoDB* and then select the desired operation.
. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

> When you configure a connector, it is a good practice to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of that connector in the app. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Amazon DynamoDB system. Amazon DynamoDB Connector supports both Basic authentication and Role authentication.

Reviewer 3: Consideration:
I've been gathering info about the practice of (not) using "MuleSoft recommends"; alas, I lost my Notes in my laptop swap. However, I remember that Salesforce uses "it is best to," while I have been recommending instead that we simply document the best way to do something:
```suggestion
When you configure a connector, configure a global element that can be used by all instances of that connector in the app. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Amazon DynamoDB system. Amazon DynamoDB Connector supports both Basic authentication and Role authentication.
```

Reviewer 2: Changing to "it is best to..."

To configure the global element for Amazon DynamoDB Connector, follow these steps:

. Select the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the `Connector configuration` field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, configure Basic authentication or Role authentication, as described in the <<basic-authentication,Basic Authentication>> and <<role-authentication,Role Authentication>> sections.
+

> You can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties or you can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended). For information, see xref:introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].

Reviewer 3: Consideration: should we reverse the order of the methods of authorization so that referencing the config. file is first, since it is the preferred method?
Consider also the previous comment about recommendations.

|Region Endpoint | Select the region endpoint for the service.
|===

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring Role authentication:

.Role authentication fields
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-role-authentication.png[To configure Role authentication, select `Role` in the *Connection* field and then complete the fields on the *General* tab.]

The first item shows where to specify that the connector will use Role authentication. The second item shows the *General tab*, which contains fields related to Role authentication.

[[configure-other-fields]]
== Configure the Other Connector Fields

After you configure a global element for Amazon DynamoDB connector, configure the other required fields for the connector:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Description
|Table name | Name of the table to create
|Attribute definitions | Attributes that describe the key schema for the table and its indexes
|Key schemas | Attributes that compose the primary key for a table or index
|===

== See Also

* xref:introduction/introduction-to-anypoint-connectors.adoc[Introduction to Anypoint Connectors]

> * xref:introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]

Reviewer 3: Do we really need to reference the generic version of the same topic as this one?

= Use Studio to Configure Amazon DynamoDB Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

. <<create-mule-project,Create a Mule project>>.
. <<add-connector-to-project,Add the connector to your Mule project>>.
. <<configure-input-source,Configure an input source for the connector's flow>>.
. <<add-connector-operation,Add a connector operation to the flow>>.
. <<configure-global-element,Configure a global element for the connector>>.
. <<conigure-other-fields,Configure the other connector fields>>.

If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see xref:introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see the xref:amazon/amazon-dynamodb-connector-reference.adoc[Amazon DynamoDB Connector Reference].

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

> In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector.

Reviewer 3: GLOBALLY end text that directly introduces a list, steps, an example, a table, and so on with a colon:
```suggestion
In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector:
```

. In Anypoint Studio, from the main menu, select *File > New > Mule Project*.

> . Enter a name for your Mule project, and click *Finish*.

Reviewer 3: no comma necessary between two simple actions:
```suggestion
. Enter a name for your Mule project and click *Finish*.
```

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

> Add Amazon DynamoDB Connector to a Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, as well as add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add Amazon DynamoDB Connector to a Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, as well as to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:
```

> . In the *Mule Palette*, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In *Mule Palette*, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
```

. In *Add Modules to Project*, type `amazon dynamodb` in the search field.
. Click *Amazon DynamoDB* in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio does not make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-input-source]]
== Configure an Input Source

An input source initiates a flow when a specified condition is met. You can configure one of these input sources to use with Amazon DynamoDB Connector:

> * `HTTP Listener`, which initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port.

Reviewer 3: Not sentences = no periods:
```suggestion
* `HTTP Listener`, which initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
```

> * `Scheduler`, which initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met.

Reviewer 3: ditto:
```suggestion
* `Scheduler`, which initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met
```

For example, to configure `HTTP Listener`, follow these steps:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, select *HTTP*, and then select *Listener*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In *Mule Palette*, select *HTTP* > *Listener*.
```

. Drag *Listener* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *Listener* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Path* field.
. Configure a global element that can be used by all instances of `HTTP Listener` in the app.
+

> To access the global element configuration fields, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field.

Reviewer 3: This reads like a step?

. On the *General* tab, specify connection information.
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify TLS information.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specific server.
. Click *OK*.

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Amazon DynamoDB Connector, follow these steps:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, select *amazon dynamodb* and then select the desired operation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In *Mule Palette*, select *amazon dynamodb* and then select the desired operation.
```

. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

> When you configure a connector, it is a good practice to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of that connector in the app. When configuring a global element, you must provide the authentication credentials the connector will use to access the target Amazon DynamoDB system. Amazon DynamoDB Connector supports both basic and role-based authentication.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to qualify this as a good practice or simply tell the audience to do this?
```suggestion
When you configure a connector, also configure a global element that can be used by all instances of that connector in the app. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Amazon DynamoDB system. Amazon DynamoDB Connector supports both basic and role-based authentication.
```

Reviewer 3: Note the lowercasing of basic and role-based authentication; these are init. capped in the following task. 
Is that because we refer to their UI labels? If so, * *.

To configure the global element for Amazon DynamoDB Connector, follow these steps:

. Select the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the `Connector configuration` field to access the global element configuration fields.

> . On the *General* tab, configure Basic or Role authentication, as described in the <<basic-authentication,Basic Authentication>> and <<role-authentication,Role Authentication>> sections.

Reviewer 3: See earlier question re. authentication names/UI labels.

+
You can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties or you can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended). For information, see xref:introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[basic_authentication]]
=== Basic Authentication

> Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure Basic authentication:

Reviewer 3: Note cap.
Standardize throughout...and would you please follow up with me so that I can update the Term Presentation List? THX

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer 3: These are User Actions more than Descriptions....

|Name |Enter the configuration name.
|Connection | Select `Basic`.
|Session Token | Optionally enter the session token provided by Amazon Security Token Service (STS).
|Access Key | Enter the access key provided by Amazon.
|Secret Key | Enter the secret key provided by Amazon.
|Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain | Set to `true` to obtain credentials from the AWS environment.
|Region Endpoint | Select the region endpoint for the service.
|===

> For example:

Reviewer 3: Please replace these two words with a more precise fragment or sentence. See style ref.

.Basic authentication fields
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-basic-authentication.png[To configure authentication, select `Basic` in the *Connection* field and then complete the fields on the *General* tab.]

The first item shows where to specify that the connector will use Basic authentication. The second item shows the *General tab*, which contains fields related to Basic authentication.

[[role-authentication]]
=== Role Authentication

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the global element configuration screen:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer 3: ditto re. "Description" as a column heading

|Name |Enter the configuration name.
|Connection | Select `Role`.

> |Role ARN | Enter the role to assume to gain cross account access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Role ARN | Enter the role to assume to gain cross-account access.
```

|Access Key | Enter the access key provided by Amazon.
|Secret Key | Enter the secret key provided by Amazon.
|Try Default AWS Credentials Provider Chain | Set to `true` to obtain credentials from the AWS environment.
|Region Endpoint | Select the region endpoint for the service.
|===

> For example:

Reviewer 3: ditto re. more robust fragment or sentence, per style ref.

.Role authentication fields
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-role-authentication.png[To configure Role authentication, select `Role` in the *Connection* field and then complete the fields on the *General* tab.]

The first item shows where to specify that the connector will use Role authentication. The second item shows the *General tab*, which contains fields related to Role authentication.

[[configure-other-fields]]
== Configure the Other Connector Fields

> After you configure a global element for Amazon DynamoDB connector, configure the the other required fields for the connector:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you configure a global element for Amazon DynamoDB connector, configure the other required fields for the connector:
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Description
|Table name | Name of the table to create
|Attribute definitions | Attributes that describe the key schema for the table and its indexes

> |Key schemas | Attributes that make up the primary key for a table or index

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Key schemas | Attributes that compose the primary key for a table or index
```
